---
title: 'GTI Global Public Procurement Dataset (GPPD)'
date: 2024-04-16
permalink: /posts/2024/04/blog-post-3/
tags:
  - Public procurement
  - Contracts
---

Public Data Source 1: [click here](https://data-mendeley-com.libproxy1.nus.edu.sg/datasets/fwzpywbhgw/3)

Public Data Source 2: [click here](https://data-mendeley-com.libproxy1.nus.edu.sg/datasets/w9mzf4vswh/3)

One-third of total government spending worldwide is allocated to public procurement, amounting to approximately 10 trillion dollars annually. Despite its significant scale and critical role in economic and political development, globally comparable data on contract awards and tendering processes remain limited. To address this gap, the Global Public Procurement Dataset (GPPD) has been developed. This dataset compiles official public procurement data on more than 72 million contracts from 42 countries spanning the period 2006–2021 (with coverage varying by country based on data availability). 
﻿
To mitigate inconsistencies in data publishing formats across countries, the collected information has been standardized according to a common data schema. For each country, key attributes are included, such as information on buyers and suppliers, geographic location, product classification, contract values, and procedural details like award dates and procurement methods. GPPD is a contract-level dataset that enables the application of specific filters to isolate successfully awarded contracts. 

For more information, please refer to [*"Global contract-level public procurement dataset"*]() (Fazekas et al., 2024).
